[[Federalist vs. Antifederalists.pdf]]
1. Brutus 1 provides a much more compelling argument, especially when compared to the outcomes of possible federalist governments. America as a whole was far too large to be governed by a republic, as it begins to suffer from the same issues that it was prescribed to solve in Federalist 10. Brutus I even addressed this, saying that, "In a republic, the manners, sentiments, and interests of the people should be similar. If this be not the case, there will be a constant clashing of opinions; and the representatives of one part will be continually striving against those of the other." As the population grows, people are bound to have clashing opinions; it is only natural that this would result in conflict. Furthermore, the representatives could become embodiments of the argument, being chosen not by what they represent, but by how the harm the other sides standpoint. By following a republic, the States would become divided due to opposing parties, and politics would begin to be governed not by the will of the people, but by the will of a faction. Furthermore, "They will use the power, when they have acquired it, to the purposes of gratifying their own interest and ambition, and it is scarcely possible, in a very large republic, to call them to account for their misconduct, or to prevent their abuse of power." In any republic where there is power over a large amount of people, corruption ensues. It is nearly impossible for any elected officials to not succumb to the allure of power. Additionally, politicians may lie about their values to become elected, an issue that always occurred, but is made even worse by the backing of a large group.
Next in Portfolio 1: [[How to Write an LEQ]]